In this lecture you will be learning about logging techniques to improve the effectiveness of our logging
and ensuring that navigating logs is a manageable task and that we have sufficient detail to extract
useful information in a Microcircuits architecture.
A single request can end up going through many micro services if we are going through the logs of our
micro service and find that some data was incorrectly processed.
It is likely that you would need to trace the request to the microscope that sent it and perhaps even
to other micro services further up the chain would just request payload and time information in hand
although it may be possible to track the originating requests to other micro services.
This would be very time consuming to solve this issue and to be able to trace the parts of our requests
across micro services effectively to make use of a globally unique identifier.
Also known as a good as the name implies a good a unique random value which we assign as a request identifier
at the origin of the request as it enters our system as shown in the diagram would then include this
request identifier field when sending related requests to micro services to be able to link them to
each other easily this request identifier is also included in any logging activity so that we are able
to trace the actions related to a particular request across micro services this request identifier will
also be useful to us in co-creating and to end performance of how long it took to process a request
in our system and to help identify what the initial bottlenecks although using a request identifier
solves the problem of relating different looks to get there navigating through locked files is still
a tedious task due to the number of Microcircuits instances located on different servers each with their
separate log files to be able to go through logs effectively.
We need to use some form of log aggregation technology where we can view and query the logs for all
micro services in a single view.
Technologies that allow this functionality include the elastics search locks dish Iban or Steck Splunk
and AWOS cloud Dortch using a combination of request identifiers and log aggregation techniques.
It is much easier to treat requests in or micro service system many log aggregation technologies also
allow us to set up monitoring alerts which are useful to track certain events such as network errors.
They may also allow the user to create dashboards illustrating graphs with data obtained from the logs
that can be used to show statistics and metrics.